Bump Meta (#950)
Qiskit/qiskit: docs/release_notes.rst

Ignis 0.3.1
===========

Bug Fixes
---------

- The :meth:`qiskit.ignis.verification.TomographyFitter.fit` method has improved
  detection logic for the default fitter. Previously, the ``cvx`` fitter method
  was used whenever `cvxpy <https://www.cvxpy.org/>`__ was installed. However,

>   it was possible to install cvxpy without a solver that would work for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  it was possible to install cvxpy without an SDP solver that would work for the
```

  ``cvx`` fitter method. This logic has been reworked so that the ``cvx``

>   fitter method is only used if ``cvxpy`` is installed and a solver is present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  fitter method is only used if ``cvxpy`` is installed and an SDP solver is present
```

  that can be used. Otherwise, the ``lstsq`` fitter is used.

> - An edge case when an in

Reviewer: Wording here is a little odd. Maybe
```suggestion
- Fixes and edge case in
```
